runcontrol.*.fontList:                        -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol.*.menu_bar.*.fontList:             -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.rcMsgWindow.fontList:             -*-courier-medium-r-normal-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*status.*.fontList:  -*-times-medium-i-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.runcinfo*.time*.fontList:         -*-times-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.runcinfo*.fontList:               -*-times-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.helpAboutDialog*.fontList:        -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol.*.dataLimitUnit.fontList:          -*-helvetica-medium-i-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.helpMsgWindow.fontList:           -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.connectDialogLabel.fontList:      -*-times-medium-i-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.compBootDialogLabel.fontList:     -*-times-medium-i-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.updateDiaLabel.fontList:          -*-times-medium-i-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.analogDialogLabel.fontList:       -*-times-medium-i-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.helpTextW.fontList:               -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.datafilename.fontList:            -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.OutFrame.*.fontList:              -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol*.dialogLabel.fontList:             -adobe-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-14-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol*.OutFrame.height:              200

runcontrol*OutForm*sensitive:              False

runcontrol*.Xmhelp.width:                      460
runcontrol*.Xmhelp.height:                     550
runcontrol*.*foreground:                      yellow
runcontrol*.*foreground:                      yellow
runcontrol*.*background:                      gray20
runcontrol*.rcMsgWindow.background:           lightGray
runcontrol*.rcMsgWindow*foreground:           black
runcontrol*.XmToggleButtonGadget.selectColor: yellow
runcontrol*.XmToggleButton.selectColor:       yellow
runcontrol*.connectDialog*.foreground:        yellow 
  /*runcontrol*.backgroundPixmap:                 bg_pixmap1*/
runcontrol*.connectDialog*.background:        gray20
runcontrol*.runTypeDialog*.foreground:        yellow
runcontrol*.runTypeDialog*.background:        gray20
runcontrol*.topShadowColor:                   gray
runcontrol*.bottomShadowColor:                black
runcontrol*.borderColor:                      gray25
runcontrol* runstatusFrame*.borderColor:      blue
runcontrol* runstatusFrame*.borderWidth:      2
runcontrol*.list*shadowThickness:             2
runcontrol*.list.borderWidth:                 4
runcontrol.*.initInfoPanelForm.*.Hbar.*.background: lightGrey
runcontrol.*.initInfoPanelForm.*.Vbar.*.background: lightGrey
runcontrol.*.initInfoPanelForm.*.foreground:        white
runcontrol.*.initInfoPanelForm.*.background:        black

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.runPanelsessStatFrame.foreground: lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.runstatusLabel.fontList:  -*-times-bold-i-*-*-16-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.runinfoLabel.foreground: lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.runinfoLabel.fontList:  -*-times-bold-i-*-*-16-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.runsprogressLabel.foreground: lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.runsprogressLabel.fontList:  -*-times-bold-i-*-*-16-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.datafn.topShadowColor:   red
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.datafilename.foreground: red
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.datafilename.background: lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.datafilename.fontList:  -*-times-bold-i-*-*-16-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.evnbFrame2.topShadowColor: red
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.evNumLabel.foreground: red
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.evNumLabel.fontList:  -*-times-bold-r-*-*-16-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*simpleInfoPanel.foreground:  blue
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*limitframe.foreground:       red
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*limitframe.topShadowColor:   red
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventLimitFrame.foreground:  yellow
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*dataLimitFrame.foreground:   yellow

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*.iEvDispFrame.topShadowColor: red

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*runNumber.*.background:   lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*runNumber.*.foreground:   black

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*runNumber.*.background:   lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*runNumber.*.foreground:   black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*database.*.background:    lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*exptname.*.background:    lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*runType.*.background:     lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*hostname.*.background:    lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*status.*.background:      lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*status.*.foreground:      black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*startTimeG.*.background:   lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*startTimeG.*.foreground:   black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*endTimeG.*.background:     lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*endTimeG.*.foreground:     black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventLimit.*.background:  lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventLimit.*.foreground:  black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*dataLimit.*.background:   lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*dataLimit.*.foreground:   black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*status.*.foreground:      black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*timeG.*.background:       lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*timeG.*.foreground:       black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*exptname.*.foreground:    RoyalBlue4

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*runType.*.foreground:     red
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*runType.*.fontList:       -*-times-bold-r-*-*-16-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*exptid.*.foreground:      RoyalBlue4
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*hostname.*.foreground:    RoyalBlue4
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*database.*.foreground:    RoyalBlue4
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*session.*.foreground:     RoyalBlue4
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*cinfoSubForm.*.alignment: alignment_center
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventNumber.*.background: lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventNumber.*.foreground: black

runcontrol.*.evrateDisplay.background:     lightGrey

runcontrol.*.datarateDisplay.background:     lightGrey

runcontrol.*.ratioDisplay.background:     lightGrey

runcontrol.*.otherDisplay.background:     lightGrey


runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*iEvRate.*.background:     lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*iEvRate.*.background:     lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*iEvRate.*.foreground:     black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*dEvRate.*.background:     lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*dEvRate.*.foreground:     black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*iDataRate.*.background:   lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*iDataRate.*.foreground:   black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*dDataRate.*.background:   lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*dDataRate.*.foreground:   black
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*background:              gray20
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel.*foreground:              yellow
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*optionPulldown*foreground:yellow
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*runtype*foreground:       yellow
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventNumberG.*.background:lightGrey
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventNumberG.foreground:  RoyalBlue4
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventNumberG.fontList:       -*-times-bold-r-*-*-18-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*eventNumberG.*borderWidth:1
runcontrol.*.runInfoPanel*netstatus.*background:    daykGray
runcontrol.*.scriptTab.tabcolor:                    gray20
runcontrol.*.menu_bar.background:                   gray20
runcontrol.*.menu_bar.*.foreground:                 yellow
runcontrol.*.XmPushButton*highlightThickness:       0
runcontrol.*.XmPushButtonGadget*highlightThickness: 0
runcontrol.*.XmTextField*highlightThickness:        0
runcontrol.*.XmLabel*highlightThickness:            0
runcontrol.*.XmLabelGadget*highlightThickness:      0
runcontrol.*.XmToggleButtonGadget*highlightThickness: 0  
runcontrol.*.XmToggleButton*highlightThickness:     0  
runcontrol.*.XmRowColumn*spacing:                   0
runcontrol*.scale_red*troughColor:                  RoyalBlue4
runcontrol*.scale_green*troughColor:                Green
runcontrol*.scale_blue*troughColor:                 Blue
runcontrol*.highlightThickness:                     0
runcontrol*.XmRowColumn*spacing:                    0
runcontrol*.selectColor:                            RoyalBlue4
runcontrol*.scriptTab.shadowThickness:              2
runcontrol*.scriptTab.tabWidthPercentage:           10
runcontrol*.scriptTab.cornerwidth:                  2
runcontrol*.scriptTab.cornerheight:                 2
runcontrol*.scriptTab.textmargin:                   4
runcontrol*.scriptTab.foreground:                   blue
runcontrol*.scriptTab.tabcolor:                     lightGrey

runcontrol*.top_ruler.background:                   lightGrey
runcontrol*.left_ruler.background:                  lightGrey
runcontrol*.top_ruler.foreground:                   White
runcontrol*.left_ruler.foreground:                  White
runcontrol*.top_ruler.tickerColor:                  White
runcontrol*.left_ruler.tickerColor:                 White  
runcontrol*.edit_popup.*.background:                White
runcontrol*.top_ruler.indicatorColor:               RoyalBlue4
runcontrol*.left_ruler.indicatorColor:              RoyalBlue4

runcontrol*icon_sw*background:                      lightGray
runcontrol*icon_sw*foreground:                      black

runcontrol*htext*background:                        lightGray
runcontrol*htext*foreground:                        black

runcontrol*runInfoPanel*statuspanel.*.background:     lightGrey

runcontrol*runNumber*backgroundPixmap:               XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*startTime*backgroundPixmap:               XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*endTime*backgroundPixmap:                 XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*eventLimit*backgroundPixmap:              XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*dataLimit*backgroundPixmap:               XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*status*backgroundPixmap:                  XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*time*backgroundPixmap:                    XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*exptname*backgroundPixmap:                XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*runType*backgroundPixmap:                 XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*exptid*backgroundPixmap:                  XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*hostname*backgroundPixmap:                XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*database*backgroundPixmap:                XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*session*backgroundPixmap:                 XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*eventNumber*backgroundPixmap:             XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*iDataRate*backgroundPixmap:               XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*dDataRate*backgroundPixmap:               XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*iEvRate*backgroundPixmap:                 XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*dEvRate*backgroundPixmap:                 XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*top_ruler*backgroundPixmap:               XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*left_ruler*backgroundPixmap:              XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*icon_sw*backgroundPixmap:                 XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*htext*backgroundPixmap:                   XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*initInfoPanelForm*backgroundPixmap:       XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP  
runcontrol*eventNumberG*backgroundPixmap:            XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*rcMsgWindow*backgroundPixmap:             XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*rcRateDisplay*backgroundPixmap:           XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*rcRateDisplay*foreground:                 black
runcontrol*icon_sw*backgroundPixmap:                 XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*icon_box*backgroundPixmap:                XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP
runcontrol*icon*backgroundPixmap:                    XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP

runcontrol*HelpWidget*helpHtml*background:               lightGray
runcontrol*HelpWidget*helpHtml*foreground:               black
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fontList:		     -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol*balloonHelp*background:     yellow
runcontrol*balloonHelp*foreground:     black

runcontrol*balloonHelp*fontList:    -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol*balloonHelp2*background:     yellow
runcontrol*balloonHelp2*foreground:     black

runcontrol*balloonHelp2*fontList:    -*-helvetica-medium-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

runcontrol*HelpWidget*file.labelString: File
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*open.labelString: Open File...
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*open.mnemonic: O
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*open.accelerator: Ctrl<Key>O
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*open.acceleratorText: Ctrl+O
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*saveas.labelString: Save File As...
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*saveas.mnemonic: S
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*reload.labelString: Reload File
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*reload.mnemonic: R
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*reload.accelerator: Ctrl<Key>R
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*reload.acceleratorText: Ctrl+R
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*quit.labelString: Exit
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*quit.mnemonic: x
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*quit.accelerator: Ctrl<Key>X
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*quit.acceleratorText: Ctrl+X
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*view.labelString: View
runcontrol*HelpWidget*fileMenu*view.mnemonic: V
runcontrol*HelpWidget*viewMenu*viewInfo.labelString: Document Info
runcontrol*HelpWidget*viewMenu*viewInfo.mnemonic: I
runcontrol*HelpWidget*viewMenu*viewSource.labelString: Document Source
runcontrol*HelpWidget*viewMenu*viewSource.mnemonic: S
runcontrol*HelpWidget*viewMenu*viewFonts.labelString: Font Cache Info
runcontrol*HelpWidget*viewMenu*viewFonts.mnemonic: F
runcontrol*HelpWidget*edit.labelString: Edit
runcontrol*HelpWidget*editMenu*find.labelString: Find...
runcontrol*HelpWidget*editMenu*find.mnemonic: F
runcontrol*HelpWidget*editMenu*findAgain.labelString: Find Again
runcontrol*HelpWidget*editMenu*findAgain.mnemonic: A
runcontrol*HelpWidget*option.labelString: Options
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*anchorButtons.labelString: Buttoned Anchors
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*anchorButtons.mnemonic: B
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*highlightOnEnter.labelString: Highlight Anchors
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*highlightOnEnter.mnemonic: H
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*imageAnchorTracking.labelString: Track Image Anchors
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*imageAnchorTracking.mnemonic: I
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*anchorTips.labelString: Anchor tooltips
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*anchorTips.mnemonic: t
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableBodyColors.labelString: Body Colors
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableBodyColors.mnemonic: C
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableBodyImages.labelString: Body Image
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableBodyImages.mnemonic: o
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableDocumentColors.labelString: Allow Document Colors
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableDocumentColors.mnemonic: l
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableDocumentFonts.labelString: Allow Document Fonts
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableDocumentFonts.mnemonic: F
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableOutlining.labelString: Text Justification
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*enableOutlining.mnemonic: J
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*strictHTMLChecking.labelString: Strict HTML Checking 
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*strictHTMLChecking.mnemonic: S
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*warning.labelString: HTML Warnings
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*warning.mnemonic: W
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*freezeAnimations.labelString: Freeze Animations
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*freezeAnimations.mnemonic: r
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*imageEnable.labelString: Enable Image Support
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*imageEnable.mnemonic: E
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*autoImageLoad.labelString: Autoload Images
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*autoImageLoad.mnemonic: u
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*save.labelString: Save Options
runcontrol*HelpWidget*optionMenu*save.mnemonic: v
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*none.labelString: Disable
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*none.mnemonic: D
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*all.labelString: Show All Warnings
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*all.mnemonic: A
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*unknownElement.labelString: Unknown HTML element
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*unknownElement.mnemonic: U
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*bad.labelString: Badly placed tags
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*bad.mnemonic: B
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*openBlock.labelString: Bad block aparture
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*openBlock.mnemonic: p
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*closeBlock.labelString: Bad block closure
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*closeBlock.mnemonic: c
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*openElement.labelString: Unbalanced Terminators
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*openElement.mnemonic: T
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*nested.labelString: Improper Nested Tags
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*nested.mnemonic: I
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*violation.labelString: HTML 3.2 Violations
runcontrol*HelpWidget*warningMenu*violation.mnemonic: V
runcontrol*HelpWidget*window.labelString: Window
runcontrol*HelpWidget*windowMenu*lower.labelString: Lower Window
runcontrol*HelpWidget*windowMenu*lower.mnemonic: L
runcontrol*HelpWidget*windowMenu*raise.labelString: Raise Window
runcontrol*HelpWidget*windowMenu*raise.mnemonic: R
runcontrol*HelpWidget*help.labelString: Help
runcontrol*HelpWidget*helpMenu*about.labelString: About XmHTML
runcontrol*HelpWidget*helpMenu*about.mnemonic: A






